Refine TiDB features document (#12445)
pingcap/docs: basic-features.md

| [User-level lock](/functions-and-operators/locking-functions.md) | Y | Y | N | N | N | N | N | N |

## Indexing and constraints

| Indexing and constraints                                    | 6.5 | 6.1 | 5.4          |   5.3    |   5.2    |   5.1    |   5.0    |   4.0    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | :--: | :--: | ------------ | :----------: | :----------: | :----------: | :----------: | :----------: |
| [Expression indexes](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-index.md#expression-index) [^2] | Y | E | E | E | E | E | E ||
| [Columnar storage (TiFlash)](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md)   | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |
| [Use FastScan to accelerate queries in OLAP scenarios](/develop/dev-guide-use-fastscan.md) | E | N | N | N | N | N | N | N |
| [RocksDB engine](/storage-engine/rocksdb-overview.md)        | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |
| [Titan plugin](/storage-engine/titan-overview.md)            | Y | Y | Y            |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |      Y       |

> | [Titan Level Merge](/storage-engine/titan-configuration.md#level-merge-E)   |  E   |  E    |    E     |    E     |    E     |    E     |    E     |    E     |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Titan Level Merge](/storage-engine/titan-configuration.md#level-merge-experimental)   |  E   |  E    |    E     |    E     |    E     |    E     |    E     |    E     |
```

# TiDB Features

This document lists the features supported in different TiDB versions, including [Long-Term Support (LTS)](/releases/versioning.md#long-term-support-releases) versions and [Development Milestone Release (DMR)](/releases/versioning.md#development-milestone-releases) versions after the latest LTS version.

> **Note:**
>

> > PingCAP does not provide patch releases (including bug fixes and security vulnerability fixes) for DMR versions. If you encounter any bugs in a DMR version, they will be fixed in the subsequent releases. It is recommended to use the [latest LTS version](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable) unless you have special needs.

Reviewer: Try to keep wording consistent with that in the **Important** module on https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.4.
```suggestion
> PingCAP does not provide patch releases for DMR versions. Any bugs will be fixed in future releases. For general purposes, it is recommended to use the [latest LTS version](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable).
```

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>L1 features and tools</th>
    <th>L2 features and tools</th>
    <th>6.5</th>
    <th>6.1</th>
    <th>5.4</th>
    <th>5.3</th>
    <th>5.2</th>
    <th>5.1</th>
    <th>5.0</th>
    <th>4.0</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="4">Fast Importer (TiDB Lightning)</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>feature 1</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>feature 2</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>feature 3</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>Y</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
    <td>N</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">mydumper logical dumper</td>
    <td>Deprecated</td>
    <td>Deprecated</td>
    <td>Deprecated</td>
    <td>Deprecated</td>
    <td>Deprecated</td>
    <td>Deprecated</td>
    <td>Y</td>

>     <td>Y</td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>     <td colspan="2">Dumpling logical dumper</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>     <td rowspan="4">Database migration toolkit (DM)</td>
>     <td></td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>     <td>feature 1</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>N</td>
>     <td>N</td>
>     <td>N</td>
>     <td>N</td>
>     <td>N</td>
>     <td>N</td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>     <td>feature 2</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>E</td>
>     <td>E</td>
>     <td>E</td>
>     <td>E</td>
>     <td>E</td>
>     <td>E</td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>     <td>feature 3</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>     <td>Y</td>
>   </tr>
> </tbody>
> </table>

Author: ```suggestion
```
